This PR aims to switch out glmmTMB and replace it with the MMRM package (#372)
insightsengineering/rbmi: NEWS.md

# rbmi (development version)

# rbmi 1.2.0

> * Replaced our `glmmTMB` dependency with the `mmrm` package. This has resulted in the package being more stable (less model fitting convergance issues) as well as reducing run times to by about 2/3rds. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replaced our `glmmTMB` dependency with the `mmrm` package. This has resulted in the package being more stable (less model fitting convergence issues) as well as speeding up run times 3-fold. 
```
